[Bugfix] Fix the bug in the vscf functionality in vibrational module (#9522)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  values sometimes incorrectly have the same hash.
  [(#9488)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9488)

* Fixes a bug where the _rotate_dipole private function in `~.pennylane.qchem.vibrational`

>   submodule doesn't account for the correct number of modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug in `~.pennylane.qchem.vibrational` submodule to account for the correct number of modes.
```

  values sometimes incorrectly have the same hash.
  [(#9488)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9488)

> * Fixes a bug in `~.pennylane.qchem.vibrational` submodule to account for the correct number of modes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the :mod:`~.pennylane.qchem.vibrational` submodule to properly account for the number of modes.
```
